feat/refactor(Hachi): ring switching subprotocol (#654)
Verified-zkEVM/ZKLib: docs/kb/papers/HMZ25.md

representatives satisfy `M(X)·z(X) = y(X) + f(X)·r(X)` over `Z_q[X]` for a quotient vector `r`
of degree `< deg f`; evaluating the lifted identity at a random point `α` of an extension field
`F ⊇ Z_q` turns the ring statement into field arithmetic, where sumcheck-style protocols run
efficiently. Hachi ([NOZ26]) adopts this lift as the entry of its §4.3 sumcheck chain
(Figure 4 / Lemma 9).

## What ArkLib Uses From This Paper

- The quotient-witness correspondence and its interpolation soundness kernel:
  `ArkLib/Data/Lattices/CyclotomicRing/QuotientLift.lean` (generic, monic cyclotomic modulus,
  abstract extension embedding `φF : R →+* F`) — proven and axiom-clean.
- The lift as a two-round subprotocol (commit to the lifted witness, evaluate at a random `α`)
  with `k = 2d` plain special soundness, **formalized generically** in
  `ArkLib/ProofSystem/RingSwitching/Lift/` over any monic-modulus presentation
  `S ≅ R[X]/(φ)` (`Presentation`/`IsPresentation`), on the committed-scalar shell
  `ArkLib/OracleReduction/Security/CoordinateWiseSpecialSoundness/CommittedScalar.lean`;
  Hachi's presentation instance, norms, local predicate,

>   interpolation recovery, `liftPackage`, and `lift_coordinateWiseSpecialSound` are in

Reviewer: Same nonexistent declaration as `docs/kb/papers/NOZ26.md:45`: `lift_coordinateWiseSpecialSound` is
not defined anywhere in the tree. Use `liftPackage.isCWSS` (the Hachi certificate) or
`RingSwitching.Lift.coordinateWiseSpecialSound` (the generic theorem).

>   interpolation recovery, `liftPackage`, and `lift_coordinateWiseSpecialSound` are in

Reviewer: Same phantom declaration as `NOZ26.md:45` — `lift_coordinateWiseSpecialSound` doesn't exist. Suggest pointing at the package field instead:

```suggestion
  interpolation recovery, and `liftPackage` (whose CWSS certificate is its `isCWSS` field) are in
```
